I started this channel nearly 14 years
ago with this camera and this phone I
didn't have a clue what I was doing but
all I did know is I was having the time
of my life I talked about what I loved
to people who actually wanted to listen
to me I mean for that first video I
would have been very happy with 100
views I I cannot wrap my head around how
it got 700,000 and now I still can't
believe that I'm holding this like I I
remember seeing all of my favorite
creators unboxing their Diamond play
buttons thinking this is the Pinnacle of
human achievement
and but it's not just that this has been
an unbelievable chapter I I I've poured
my heart and soul into this like I used
to I used to use every bit of money I
had to fly to every Tech event I could I
used to take this little box of Mr who's
the boss business cards and hand them to
every person I could to try and like get
my name out there this channel means so
much to me a lot of sacrifices have been
made but even then like I one of the
lucky ones
because somehow it worked we got awarded
Tech channel of the year we got a
Guinness world record for the largest
smartphone replica ever we overtook
apple and subscribers I've been able to
talk to world leaders to collab with
world's biggest creators and better than
all of that is I've been able to make my
family's lives that little bit better
it's been beyond a privilege and uh the
reason I'm making this video is now it's
time for chapter 2 today will
be well probably the biggest single life
change moment of my life so you might
know I got married this Summer yeah this
guy this guy and this guy so you know if
you're worried about it don't worry
you'll be fine and if you watch my
wedding speech you'll know that nothing
has ever made me happier I met Risha 5
years ago she has transformed me and our
wedding was like the greatest 72 hours
of my life uh but what that means is
It's Time to Say Goodbye to
this house uh my family the cats and um
the studio in our culture you basically
live in your family home up until you
get married which means that I'm very
close with my family I've been living
with them for 29 years now and it also
means that this room is is basically
where I've built my life this used to be
an attic then it became my bedroom then
it became a studio and now it has like 6
billion views and we've had all manner
of high-profile people sit in this chair
right here but at the same time I've
been here since before I even knew who I
was I was doing this whole thing myself
I had practically zero self-belief and
confidence and this space is is where
that all turned around we've done so
much living here and today I am leaving
it as a functioning adult and I'm not
just moving next door I've lived my
whole life with my family in this fairly
small city called Nottingham but it has
has always been my dream to one day live
in London and after about 2 years of
searching we have just finally found the
perfect place in London to move to and
so this is both a sad occasion I'm going
to go from seeing my family every single
morning when I wake up to being just
under 3 hours away but also a really
happy one cuz I get to live with my best
friend and this house is going to allow
us to plan everything just the way we
want it while I am so lucky that my
parents have allowed me to use
practically every room at this house to
film this isn't exactly an ideal place
to record videos like any home it's
covered with lights that flicker and
noisy pipes and weird slanted ceilings
that we keep walking into but where
we're moving we are going to build for
the first time ever a proper Mr who's
the boss Studio as part of it and so
just before I officially move out I
thought this is the time to tell you all
the things that I never got to tell you
here okay so I think it's fair to say
that we have accumulated one of the
strangest colle C of items over the
years so I want to show you my alltime
favorites let's start with you I've
properly sealed it off like the the
devil itself that it is I spent
$45,000 on this this is more than I
spent on my phone this is more than I
spent on my
TV and this
is oh dear God an incredibly realistic
umbilical cord charger and it actually
gets worse cuz you put your phone in
there and you put it into charge
[Music]
this next one is somehow even stranger
so I was doing one of these rarest most
expensive phone videos and caviar this
luxury phone maker agreed to send me one
worth
$200,000 that's not the weird part so
you get inside and the first thing is
well the phone weighs an actual kilogram
because it is very literally a gold
brick attached to a phone pH still not
the weirdest bit cuz obviously given the
value of the thing the company's going
to want it back right they very
specifically said film the video as soon
as you film the video someone would come
to collect
it no one came to collect it and
actually it gets even stranger because
then I got this this is a business card
that came with the phone and it reads
Jeffrey Preston Bezos owner of gold
phone number one
so do you want your phone Jeffrey
yes it does get crazier cuz um do you
remember the Escobar phone yeah that was
a whole shenanigan wasn't it well I used
to keep that phone in this cabinet
here
until it got confiscated I got an email
from the police basically saying hey
there's an ongoing investigation could
we borrow this before I really knew what
was happening they were at the door
picking it up and I never got it back
and actually on a similar note I made a
video about 4 years ago on something
called the U phone it was basically a
phone that looked like a scam but the
more I spent time digging into it the
more I realized that it was actually not
just one product that was the scam but
like it was this enormous thing
branching across the entire internet and
I even managed to get the guy behind the
scams name in the video but the whole
chapter ended up being quite sad for me
to be honest cuz I posted the video it
was doing really well both from the
perspective of like people who watched
it enjoyed it but also I was hoping
there was going to be some justice from
this I'd actually figured out who was
behind this whole audal but then um his
lawyers started to threaten me this was
quite a while ago before I had a proper
team around me and eventually I just
kind of buckled under the pressure and
felt like I had to delete that video
otherwise I was going to like lose my
channel so yeah that's the untold story
of the only Mr who's the boss deleted
video apart from a couple from like 10
years ago that I deleted just cuz they
were highly cringe anyway this next one
is also a fun story so this is one of
the only transparent TVs probably in the
world we originally trying to buy it for
a video futuristic Tech and we paid it
never arrived or maybe it did and we
just couldn't see it after a bit of back
and forth xiaomi the company who
actually manufactures this one reached
out to tell us that they had one that we
could come pick up from their Central
London flagship store so we totted off
to go collect our TV expecting a boxed
sealed product that they had somewhere
in the back of their warehouse only to
find that there was one product in store
that it was bolted down in the store as
the demo device and Main Attraction of
this store and that no one in the store
had any idea that we were about to show
up to pick the thing up I genuinely
think they might have thought we were
trying to rob them if you were curious
though very Innovative not a very useful
product and I'm being fully transparent
with
you the smartphone Shelf has been easily
one of the craziest things we have done
I mean how many times do you see this
but it has also been um an enlightening
experience so you might be able to tell
that most of these rows actually look
brand new they look as you would expect
them to be the Samsung part of the Shelf
looks
diabolical oh no wait that one's gone
that one's gone no I really like this
phone that one's gone that one's gone
not the Iron Man special
[Music]
edition not the video I was expecting to
make right but this is what we've
discovered has been one of the downsides
of trying to collect smartphones in a
neat way and it's not exclusively
Samsung like I have just noticed one
over here that's a Vivo and this one's
actually very upsetting cuz this was a
world exclusive when I first got it
there's a xiaomi over here oh that one's
really bad but it is mostly Samsung's
and seemingly never iPhones on the other
hand though this has been kind of
amazing because like we one day dreamed
we might we have actually filled
basically every single row with every
brand of smartphone and that is
amazing and then finally we've got this
little guy and I find this so cool
because this is the one that made it
happen in 2015 I made this tutorial
video on how to turn your smartphone
into a hologram and it went absolutely
bananas it was the first time that I've
ever truly felt speechless like I
remember so distinctly posting it one
night waking up the next morning and
just staring at the stats page on my
laptop in disbelief like genuinely
speechless imagine grinding for years
and years with no real payoff and then
suddenly seeing everything come together
in one big moment that was what that was
that was what this was and it's
especially cool because that became a
viral DIY project that everyone started
doing over the weekend I posted it and
within about 4 weeks you could actually
buy kits it's like I don't own this this
is another company's kit but it was just
so so wild to me that this this is the
original anyways last thing before we do
our goodbyes is this channel has
colonized basically every room in this
house and I just want to show you cuz I
think it's it's kind of fun to see I
mean for starters every single top down
shot we've ever done so every unboxing
has been filmed in my brother's old
bedroom he used to sleep here and I
promise I didn't drive him out with Arch
videos our family's front room has
become the channel storage
room so sorry m'am I have to say this
room has looked absolutely terrible for
the last year and a half with just
mountains of boxes from videos we
started with such a good system where as
soon as we finished filming a video we
would instantly decide whether we wanted
to sell stuff or give stuff away to
charity but it's just as soon as we got
really busy with work that system was
left by the wayside but yeah basically
we spent the last couple of days
transforming it that's why there's
literally no key in the log I have
hidden it so they can't go inside and
see what we've done but yeah I'm going
to show them very shortly when they come
back home and with saying our goodbyes
the dining room has been invaded by our
team so every time we have a team day
everyone gathers around here and this is
where we work and chat and decide what
we're doing with the
channel we have absolutely ruined it oh
my God the living room has a massive
Nintendo switch TV as the centerpiece
now which I'm going to be honest is
probably a little too hard to change so
we'll have to stay like this sorry again
mom right now it's time for the thing
that I've been putting off the final
goodbyes do you remember this at
all oh my goodness yes I do this is the
very first phone I ever got it's the one
Bud's got me oh and I filmed it with
this camera like
this so much work and so much kit has
gone through this place is unreal how do
you feel now it's like coming to an end
here like you I
suppose yeah I am grateful oh Al that
you stepping into the next stage it's
been a real adventure and yeah will miss
all of that but you're going to do some
amazing stuff and we'll always be there
as sad as it is it has been an amazing
journey you've
really filled it with so many
wonderful wonderful memories for us
thank you thank
you I think I started crying first it's
my fault it on me we always cry
but going I miss you little I miss when
he he jumps into our bed at like 6:00
a.m. in the morning just for
cuddles I'm not going to see him every
day
now
bye some great memories you made
together I've been holding on to this SE
and we left this room in a bit of a
tip oh my oh my god oh oh wow oh my gosh
I know W can you remember what it even
look like wow it's like brand new liim
me I don't remember it being like this
ever oh and this is well oh is this real
yeah no way you remember start
so thank you thank you for everything
that you've made possible this is
obviously sad like every time I look at
a box it tells a different story I also
can't wait to show you what's
next let's do
this off we go